Didi/seo updates (#1089)
telerik/maui-docs: demos-and-sample-apps/overview.md

page_title: .NET MAUI Examples & Sample Apps
description: "Explore a variety of Telerik .NET MAUI examples that demonstrate its flexibility in cross-platform app development. Try sample applications!"
slug: sampleapps-overview
tags: .net maui, ui for .net maui, .net maui controls, sample applications, demos, .net maui samples
position: 0
---

# .NET MAUI Examples, Demos, and Sample Apps Overview

> The Telerik .NET MAUI library has a few fully featured examples and [demo applications](https://www.telerik.com/maui-ui/demo-apps/controls) demonstrating our [.NET MAUI](https://www.telerik.com/maui-ui)) controls. You can review the source code of each app and get familiar with the way various controls are utilized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Telerik UI for .NET MAUI library offers an extensive set of fully featured examples and [demo applications](https://www.telerik.com/maui-ui/demo-apps/controls) demonstrating the [.NET MAUI](https://www.telerik.com/maui-ui)) controls. You can review each app's source code and get familiar with how various controls are utilized.
```

{% if site.has_cta_panels == true %}
{% include cta-panel-maui-overview.html %}
{% endif %}

> The Telerik has the following .NET MAUI samples:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following demo apps deliver a rich collection of .NET MAUI examples:
```
